Added readme.license in README.md (#59)
bemanproject/any_view: README.md

# beman.any_view: A generalized type-erased view with customizable properties

> ## License

Reviewer: Move License section before Usage, please

> beman.exemplar is licensed under the Apache License v2.0 with LLVM Exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
beman.any_view is licensed under the Apache License v2.0 with LLVM Exceptions.
```

Wrong library name
